the Gunpowder Plot had nothing on the
game at the manor United were blown to
bits in the first half as Portsmouth
roared into a three goal lead
Alan McLaughlin got the first after 18
minutes three minutes later pompous very
own guy top scorer a guy whittingham
made it to nil he's worth a few million
pennies at the moment and there was
worse to come through United as Kerry
Evans went and sliced a corner into his
own net three down only thirty minutes
gone Oxford was staring defeat disaster
in the face back they came though with a
goal from David Penny which proved that
Portsmouth weren't so hot that United
could perhaps pull this one out of the
fire but within two minutes it was for
one witting him again
that's 18 for him this season
right on halftime United got their
second gym mcgilton thumped one home and
in the dressing room they must have got
a rocket the manager Bryan Herta
but it was Portsmouth who came out
firing in the second half
mark Chamberlain scored a beauty 5-2
that was it surely the end of Oxford
some supporters were on their way home
when John Durning ran through and score
to make it 5-3 they're even more empty
seats as the game ticked into the last
minute which was 60 seconds of magic
madness and Nathan winger Chrissie Allen
was pulled down and the ref gave a
penalty the Dilton stepped up 5-4
then the rat had the whistle in his lips
when United grabbed the equalizer with
the very last touch of the boy you have
to see this game to believe it but the
man aground they'll remember remember
the 3rd of November